README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Code: MovieBox web app code file initial commit

README.md, after:

## MovieBox

MovieBox is a dynamic movie discovery app that interacts with a real API to fetch and display movie data. The projected utilized [The Movie Database (TMDB)](https://developer.themoviedb.org/reference/intro/getting-started).

Additionally, users can search for a particular movie of choice, view details about the movie and mark any desired movie as favourite. The project implemeted localStorage to ensure movie marked as favourites by a user is persistent.

### The Application was build with NextJS and Tailwind CSS

## Getting Started (How to run the project locally)

- First, Install Node on your PC.
- Clone the repository to your local server by running git clone [githubUrl of this code]
- Open the cloned repository in a code editor and run `npm install` in the code editor's terminal to install all the dependencies.

Finally, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

View project live by clicking [MovieBox](https://link-url-here.org)

Developed by Ogunlade Stephen Olayide
HNGX Intenship Stage 2 Task.
